---
title: "About Me"
draft: false
description: "All things me"
---

![Header](/img/wp.gif)

Hey there! I'm Swapnil I go by many aliases such as
[**iamb4uc**](https://github.com/iamb4uc) and
[**swapxs**](https://github.com/swapxs),
an aspiring programmer and cybersecurity student who loves diving into
UNIX-like operating systems and other Free-and-Open-source software. I'm also a
bit of a hardware tinkerer, though my budget doesn't always allow for big
projects (*sigh*). I enjoy getting into the nitty-gritty of how things work and
using that knowledge to build solid, reliable software. Whether it's boosting
performance, enhancing security, or just exploring new tech, I'm always up for
pushing the limits of what's possible with code.

When I'm not knee-deep in code, Iâ€™m working on improving other aspects of my
life, like my social and financial skills. If I'm not coding, I'm usually busy
with self-improvement projects. I might even share my routine someday, so feel
free to subscribe to my [RSS](/index.xml) feed.

Check out my [**resume**](/files/resume.pdf) and my [**life
updates**](./updates/) if you want to these are not super long just some
updates
I want to share that I cannot in other websites or other forums.

Outside of tech, I'm into movies, music, anime, and books. I don't usually
bring these up unless someone asks, but if you're curious, check out my
recommendations below:

- [Anime/Manga](./anime/)
- [Books](./book/)

Also before writing me an email use my [**gpg
key**](/files/swapnil@iamb4uc.xyz.gpg) for encrypting the message. My email
server puts everything that is not encrypted using my key to a spam folder that
gets deleted every week. And be mindful for what you write. If its anything
that is not **worth** reading or answering, I won't reply back.
